All right so
hopefully you've successfully installed
the Ubuntu OS onto your DragonBoard.
And now we're just gonna take a look
back at everything we've done so far.
>> All right so the first thing we did was
we went to the 96boards.org website and we
downloaded the Ubuntu version, the latest
Ubuntu version of the SD card install.
>> Next, we went ahead and downloaded and
installed the Win32 disk manager,
so we could write that image
file onto the SD card.
>> And next, we took that .img file and
we flashed it onto the SD card
using the Win32 disk imager.
>> Finally,
to wrap it all up we went ahead and
installed the Ubuntu OS with that
SD Card on to the DragonBoard.
>> And with all this completed
you now have a fully operational
Ubuntu operating system
on your DragonBoard.
And there's a lot of neat things you can
do with it and so hopefully we'll see you
again on the future lessons and courses
to find out what we're gonna do with it.